README: Add warning about writing data to HID products (#106)
libusb/hidapi: README.md

is optional but recommended because it is so useful when debugging hardware.

## What Does the API Look Like?
The API provides the most commonly used HID functions including sending
and receiving of input, output, and feature reports. The sample program,
which communicates with a heavily hacked up version of the Microchip USB
Generic HID sample looks like this (with error checking removed for
simplicity):

`Warning: Only run the code you understand, only against devices which firmware 

> you control. Writing data at random to your HID devices can break them.`

Reviewer: I would use *s instead of `s, so to make it bold because it looks a bit weird in this preformatted style.

Author: done

	for (i = 0; i < 4; i++)
		printf("buf[%d]: %d\n", i, buf[i]);

	// Close the device
	hid_close(handle);

	// Finalize the hidapi library
	res = hid_exit();

	return 0;
}
```

> You can also use [hidtest/hidtest.c](https://github.com/libusb/hidapi/blob/master/hidtest/hidtest.c)

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
You can also use [hidtest/test.c](hidtest/test.c)
```

}
```

You can also use [hidtest/hidtest.c](https://github.com/libusb/hidapi/blob/master/hidtest/hidtest.c)

> as a starting point for your programmes.

Reviewer: `programs` instead of `programmes`? I know it's a bit British vs American English but it's more fitting in this context.

Author: `applications` ;)
